---
subcategory : "Object Storage"
---

# ovh_cloud_project_storage_object_bucket_lifecycle_configuration

Get lifecycle configuration of a S3™* compatible storage container. \* S3 is a trademark filed by Amazon Technologies,Inc. OVHcloud's service is not sponsored by, endorsed by, or otherwise affiliated with Amazon Technologies,Inc.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "ovh_cloud_project_storage_object_bucket_lifecycle_configuration" "lifecycle" {
  service_name   = "<public cloud project ID>"
  region_name    = "GRA"
  container_name = "my-bucket"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `container_name` (String) Name of the storage container.
- `region_name` (String) Region name of the storage container.
- `service_name` (String) The ID of the public cloud project. If omitted, the `OVH_CLOUD_PROJECT_SERVICE` environment variable is used.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource (service_name/region_name/container_name)
- `rules` (Attributes List) List of lifecycle rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>

### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `abort_incomplete_multipart_upload` (Attributes) Abort incomplete multipart upload configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--abort_incomplete_multipart_upload))
- `expiration` (Attributes) Lifecycle rule expiration configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--expiration))
- `filter` (Attributes) Rule filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--filter))
- `id` (String) Rule ID.
- `noncurrent_version_expiration` (Attributes) Specifies when noncurrent object versions expire. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--noncurrent_version_expiration))
- `noncurrent_version_transitions` (Attributes List) Specifies the transition rule for noncurrent object versions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--noncurrent_version_transitions))
- `status` (String) Rule status.
- `transitions` (Attributes List) Specifies when an object transitions to a specified storage class. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--transitions))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--abort_incomplete_multipart_upload"></a>

### Nested Schema for `rules.abort_incomplete_multipart_upload`

Read-Only:

- `days_after_initiation` (Number) Specifies the number of days after which an incomplete multipart upload is aborted.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--expiration"></a>

### Nested Schema for `rules.expiration`

Read-Only:

- `date` (String) Indicates at what date the objects will be deleted (ISO 8601).
- `days` (Number) Objects will be deleted past this lifetime (in days).
- `expired_object_delete_marker` (Boolean) Indicates whether a delete marker with no noncurrent versions will be removed.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--filter"></a>

### Nested Schema for `rules.filter`

Read-Only:

- `object_size_greater_than` (Number) Minimum object size in bytes to which the rule applies.
- `object_size_less_than` (Number) Maximum object size in bytes to which the rule applies.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix filter.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags filter.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--noncurrent_version_expiration"></a>

### Nested Schema for `rules.noncurrent_version_expiration`

Read-Only:

- `newer_noncurrent_versions` (Number) Specifies how many noncurrent versions to retain.
- `noncurrent_days` (Number) Specifies the number of days an object is noncurrent before it can be expired.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--noncurrent_version_transitions"></a>

### Nested Schema for `rules.noncurrent_version_transitions`

Read-Only:

- `newer_noncurrent_versions` (Number) Specifies how many noncurrent versions to retain in the same storage class.
- `noncurrent_days` (Number) Specifies the number of days an object is noncurrent before the transition.
- `storage_class` (String) The storage class to which you want the noncurrent object to transition.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--transitions"></a>

### Nested Schema for `rules.transitions`

Read-Only:

- `date` (String) Indicates when objects are transitioned to the specified storage class (ISO 8601).
- `days` (Number) Indicates the number of days after creation when objects are transitioned.
- `storage_class` (String) The storage class to which you want the object to transition.
