---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ovh_vrackservices Data Source - terraform-provider-ovh"
subcategory: "Vrack Services"
description: |-
  Retrieve a vRack Services
---

# ovh_vrackservices (Data Source)

Retrieve a vRack Services



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `vrack_services_id` (String) Vrack services ID

### Read-Only

- `checksum` (String) Computed hash used to control concurrent modification requests. Here, it represents the current target specification value
- `created_at` (String) Date of the vRack Services delivery
- `current_state` (Attributes) Current configuration applied to the vRack Services (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--current_state))
- `current_tasks` (Attributes List) Asynchronous operations ongoing on the vRack Services (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--current_tasks))
- `iam` (Attributes) IAM resource metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--iam))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier
- `resource_status` (String) Reflects the readiness of the vRack Services. A new target specification request will be accepted only in `READY` status
- `target_spec` (Attributes) Last target specification of the vRack Services (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_spec))
- `updated_at` (String) Date of the Last vRack Services update

<a id="nestedatt--current_state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `current_state`

Read-Only:

- `product_status` (String) Product status of the vRack Services
- `region` (String) Region of the vRack Services. List of compatible regions can be retrieved from /reference/region
- `subnets` (Attributes List) Subnets of the current vRack Services (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--current_state--subnets))

<a id="nestedatt--current_state--subnets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `current_state.subnets`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) IP address range of the subnet in CIDR format
- `display_name` (String) Display name of the subnet
- `service_endpoints` (Attributes List) Service endpoints of the subnet (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--current_state--subnets--service_endpoints))
- `service_range` (Attributes) Defines a smaller subnet dedicated to the managed services IPs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--current_state--subnets--service_range))
- `vlan` (Number) Unique inner VLAN that allows subnets segregation

<a id="nestedatt--current_state--subnets--service_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `current_state.subnets.service_endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `endpoints` (Attributes List) Endpoints representing the IPs assigned to the managed services (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--current_state--subnets--service_endpoints--endpoints))
- `managed_service_urn` (String) IAM Resource URN of the managed service. Compatible managed service types are listed by /reference/compatibleManagedServiceType call.

<a id="nestedatt--current_state--subnets--service_endpoints--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `current_state.subnets.service_endpoints.endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) IP description defined in the managed service
- `ip` (String) IP address assigned by OVHcloud



<a id="nestedatt--current_state--subnets--service_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `current_state.subnets.service_range`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR dedicated to the subnet's services
- `remaining_ips` (Number) Number of remaining IPs in the service range
- `reserved_ips` (Number) Number of service range IPs reserved by OVHcloud
- `used_ips` (Number) Number of service range IPs assigned to the managed services




<a id="nestedatt--current_tasks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `current_tasks`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the current task
- `link` (String) Link to the task details
- `status` (String) Current global status of the current task
- `type` (String) Type of the current task


<a id="nestedatt--iam"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iam`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) Resource display name
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the resource
- `state` (String) Resource state
- `urn` (String) Unique resource name used in policies


<a id="nestedatt--target_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_spec`

Read-Only:

- `subnets` (Attributes List) Target specification of the subnets. Maximum one subnet per vRack Services (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_spec--subnets))

<a id="nestedatt--target_spec--subnets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_spec.subnets`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) IP address range of the subnet in CIDR format. Must be a private network address (RFC1918). Authorized range for prefix length: /16 to /24
- `display_name` (String) Display name of the subnet. Format must follow `^[ a-zA-Z0-9-_.]{0,40}$`
- `service_endpoints` (Attributes List) Target specification of the Service Endpoints (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_spec--subnets--service_endpoints))
- `service_range` (Attributes) Defines a smaller subnet dedicated to the managed service IPs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_spec--subnets--service_range))
- `vlan` (Number) Unique inner VLAN that allows subnets segregation. Authorized values: [2 - 4094] and `null` (untagged traffic)

<a id="nestedatt--target_spec--subnets--service_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_spec.subnets.service_endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `managed_service_urn` (String) IAM Resource URN of the managed service. Managed service Region must match vRack Services Region. Compatible managed service types are listed by /reference/compatibleManagedServiceType call


<a id="nestedatt--target_spec--subnets--service_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_spec.subnets.service_range`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) IP address range dedicated to the subnet's services in CIDR format. Must be a private network address (RFC1918). Must be a sub-network of the subnet. Authorized range for prefix length: /27 to /29
